README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Changed the Readme file and add the documentation

README.md, after:

# Downloading and Running a Next.js Project Locally

Here are the steps to download and run a Next.js project on a local machine:

**Downloading and Setting up the project locally:**

1. Visit your project's repository on GitHub.
2. Click on the "Clone or download" button and copy the HTTPS or SSH URL.
3. Open your terminal and navigate to the directory where you want to store the project.
4. Run the following command to clone the repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/xsankalp13/show-store-website.git
```
This command will download the code from the repository to your local machine.

5. Navigate into the project directory:

```shell
cd show-store-website
```
6. Install the required dependencies by running:

```shell
npm i
```
**Running the project:**

1. Once the dependencies are installed, run the following command to start the development server:

```shell
npm run dev
```
This command will start the development server and open up the project in your default browser.

2. You should now be able to view and interact with the project on your local machine.

**Note:** Before running the project, make sure you have installed Node.js on your local machine. If not, you can download it from the official Node.js website: https://nodejs.org/
